Oliver the Owl, Glenda the Gator, and B Beaverton thought all the thinking they could think. What could B. P mean? Everyone was also helping themselves to the Blanched Peanuts that Glenda had brought out.

Oliver the Owl was the first to speak up after a lot of chomping and considering. “I don’t think someone would only make 12 servings of Blanched Peanuts at a time since peanuts don’t spoil. That wouldn’t last very long for so much effort. Maybe if it was something like cupcakes then only having 12 servings would make more sense.”

“But cupcake doesn’t start with B or a P.” said Beaverton.

“I just mean something that might have 12 servings. Of course it would still need to start with the right letters.” explained Oliver.

Glenda was a bit upset that Oliver didn’t think it could be Blanched Peanuts. “What do you think it is then Oliver? If it isn’t Blanched Peanuts, which it probably is, it must be something else.”

“Well I don’t have a good idea of what it could be,” said Oliver, “But I do think we should keep asking people and maybe we can find some other good ideas or maybe we might even discover who sent the letter in the first place!”

And so the whole group with great determination headed to another neighbor’s house. This time it was Ben and Beaverly Bear and their kids in their large wooden house.

Beaverton knocked on the rickety door.

The door opened and Ben filled up the door with a beaming smile and open arms. “Oh hello! You’re just in time for brunch! The kids have already started but the food is still plenty hot!”

“Well I don’t think we have the time to. We are actually investigating a mystery. We are trying to find a food with the initials B. P.” Beaverton explained.

“Ho, ho!” said Ben Bear after thinking for a bit. “I think you really should come in for some food then!” Ben turned around and walked further inside while gesturing the others to follow him.

Oliver, Glenda, and Beaverton all went inside a little bit confused. But inside they smelled some amazing foods! And all of sudden they realized they were actually a bit hungry! Ben Bear laid out some extra plates on the table where the Bear kids, Billy, Benny, and Barry were already sitting.

“Hi Oliver! We are having some brunch!” spoke up Billy, the oldest son.

“Yes! We have lots of food! Banana Porridge, Buttermilk Pancakes, and Bacon and Poached Eggs! So eat up!” Beaverly motioned towards all of the food.

Everyone was given a big plate full of all of the food that the Bears had made. It smelled and looked delicious.

Glenda was very excited, “This all looks very tasty! I can’t wait to have some!”

Beaverton was also very excited but not just because of all the yummy food. “Wow those foods all have B. P. in them!”

Glenda was already busy starting to fill up on Buttermilk Pancakes. “Oh yeth! Thas exally what I waf thinken! I knew ith ah along!”

Oliver was eyeing up the amazing looking food. He decided to go for the steaming Banana Porridge first. “This tastes scrumptious! I don’t suppose you have been sending any letters that have recipes in them?”

“Why no we haven’t. Is that the mystery you were talking about?” replied Ben.

“Yes!” said Beaverton. “I received a letter in the mail that had a torn recipe in it. All we know is that the food has the initials B. P.”

“Haha! Well, we sure have a lot of food here that fits that!” said Beaverly. “I guess it could be one of those!”

Everyone kept thinking and eating. Even Billy became very interested in the mystery, asking questions between bites of pancakes. Once everyone had finished eating, Beaverton and his friends had to say goodbye so that they could keep investigating.

“Thank you all so much for the meal, it was very good! And you even helped us out with our mystery!” Beaverton said.

“Of course!” replied Ben the Bear. “I hope you find out what that recipe is for!”

“Could I come with you to help?” Billy asked Beaverton. “If that’s okay with you, dad.”

“We could always use someone else to help think about the mystery!” replied Beaverton.

“I suppose so, as long as you’re back before dark.” replied Ben.

Billy happily joined Beaverton, Oliver, and Glenda as they left the Bear’s house.

While Beaverton, Oliver, Glenda, and now Billy all had full stomachs of wonderful food, they also had new ideas of what the Unknown Recipe could be. If it wasn’t Bologna and Peas or Blanched Peanuts, maybe it could be one of the things they just had eaten at the Bear’s house. Banana Porridge. Buttermilk Pancakes. Or maybe Bacon and Poached Eggs?

Or could it be even something else! Find out in the next chapter!
