It was hard to think after such a big meal of yummy food. Oliver the owl wanted to take a long nap and yawned very loudly. But Beaverton didn't want to stop investigating. He stopped and thought for a moment.

"I know, let's go grab some coffee. That way we can have some time to think and Oliver can not be so tired!" Beaverton excitedly announced his idea.

"Mmmm coffee," said Oliver, "That sounds good."

“I suppose I can drink a cup.” said Glenda.

“Maybe I’ll get some hot chocolate there!” thought Billy since he didn’t like coffee too much.

Beaverton, Oliver, Glenda, and Billy all walked to the neighborhood Square-dollars (which is definitely not named after Star-bucks), the best coffee shop from Seattle. It wasn’t too busy so they quickly were able to order while Pecky the Parrot wrote down what they wanted. Beaverton got a small coffee with cream and sugar. Glenda got a large black coffee. Oliver got two! And Billy ordered a hot chocolate and some yummy looking bread that was at the counter.

They all got seated at a big table for four, and before they knew it Pecky the Parrot in a squeaky voice came over and said, “Small coffee with cream and sugar for B Beaverton!”

“Oh yes! Thank you!” Beaverton said happily.

But before Beaverton could get a sip in, Pecky came back and said “Large coffee for Glenda!”

“Yes, smells great.” replied Glenda.

But before Glenda could try any, Pecky came back and said “Two large coffees for Oliver and for… uh… I guess just Oliver!”

There was silence.

Oliver was asleep! He was a nocturnal owl after all.

“Hmmm? Oh, yes, whoops, hello, of course, yes, hi, yahoo, that’s me, I’m Oliver!” Oliver quickly stammered after a nudge from Beaverton.

But before Oliver could have a taste (which he really needed it seemed), Pecky again came back and said “Hot chocolate and a Bavarian Pastry for Billy!”

“Over here, I think!” yelled Billy. He didn’t know what a Bavarian Pastry was, but his name was Billy.

“What’s a Bavarian Pastry?” asked Glenda.

“I don’t know,” offered Billy, “it just looked good at the counter so I asked for one.

Oliver coughed since he was drinking his coffees too fast before saying, “Well a pastry is a kind of bready treat, sort of like a doughnut or a cinnamon roll. But I don’t know what Bavarian means, maybe we can ask Pecky.”

Billy stood up and walked over to Pecky, “Hey Pecky, what is a Bavarian Pastry?” he asked.

“It’s like a sweet roll with Bavarian Cream hidden inside! Which is kind of like whipped cream.” Replied Pecky.

That sounded really good to Billy and he couldn’t wait to have a bit of the hidden Bavarian Cream! But just as he turned around to go back and try out the pastry, he saw Glenda quickly take a whopping bite of it! Beaverton almost spat out his coffee in surprise. Glenda’s teeth had chomped down so fast that the hidden Bavarian Cream inside went everywhere!

“Mmmm um! Thath really tasthy! I nehwur hav thath bifore.” Glenda tried to say while her mouth was full of pastry and cream.

But before Billy could protest, Glenda had finished it all, stood up, and went to go get more from Pecky! She quickly came back with a whole plateful of Bavarian Pastries for everyone.

“Here, everyone try one! And Billy you get two!” offered Glenda, since she felt bad about eating Billy’s first Pastry.

Everyone tried some and they all agreed they were quite yummy even after having a big meal at the Bear’s. They were especially good with the hot chocolate and coffee!

“Wait a second!” yelled Beaverton as he remembered everyone came to get coffee also to think about the mystery. “Bavarian Pastry?! What if that’s the unknown recipe!”

Maybe it could be Bavarian Pastry? Or will they have to keep hunting in the next chapter!?
